README.md, before:

# Overview

SoundHarbor is a music shopping recommendation engine leveraging your Spotify music profile. It's a marketplace application (currently only with the buy-side user flow) that enables end users to grow their physical record collection by buying records from Discogs, record shops or directly from other users. Demo video and an abridged version of the project proposal below.

- [Demo video](https://youtu.be/ZdokbTWFBEQ)

## Project description

- A marketplace application that enables end users to grow their physical record collection by buying records from Discogs, record shops or directly from other users.
- For the buy side, the differential advantage is that the shopping behaviour is enhanced by a recommendation engine that takes as input their Spotify music taste.
- For the sell side, the differential advantage is that aggregated insights from the shopping (Discogs) and listening (Spotify) behaviour can guide their own commercial strategy.


## MVP

- The user can access and view their music collection on-app.
- The user can CRUD records to their collection.
- The user can search a record to buy based on pre-determined fields (album title, artist, label).


 
# Getting Started

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).


First, install the required packages: `npm i`

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: add explanation on env variables

README.md, after:

# Overview

SoundHarbor is a music shopping recommendation engine leveraging your Spotify music profile. It's a marketplace application (currently only with the buy-side user flow) that enables end users to grow their physical record collection by buying records from Discogs, record shops or directly from other users. Demo video and an abridged version of the project proposal below.

- [Demo video](https://youtu.be/ZdokbTWFBEQ)


The app heavily relies on the Spotify and Discogs API, which means you need to create the apps in their API service and configure the env variables below.

- SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID
- SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET
- SPOTIFY_REDIRECT_URI
- SPOTIFY_SCOPE
- DISCOGS_TOKEN  - it's the personal token, for proper Oauth implementation (to be done) it's not required.
- DISCOGS_CONSUMER_KEY
- DISCOGS_CLIENT_SECRET
- DISCOGS_REDIRECT_URI





## Project description

- A marketplace application that enables end users to grow their physical record collection by buying records from Discogs, record shops or directly from other users.
- For the buy side, the differential advantage is that the shopping behaviour is enhanced by a recommendation engine that takes as input their Spotify music taste.
- For the sell side, the differential advantage is that aggregated insights from the shopping (Discogs) and listening (Spotify) behaviour can guide their own commercial strategy.


## MVP

- The user can access and view their music collection on-app.
- The user can CRUD records to their collection.
- The user can search a record to buy based on pre-determined fields (album title, artist, label).


 
# Getting Started

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).


First, install the required packages: `npm i`

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
